hello friends welcome to simply wealth
channel today we will be discussing
about icsa lombard health shield health
insurance plan
the brand icici known for its best
customer service gives you the
hassle-free claim experience compared to
other standalone health insurance
companies
and they provide a wide range of
optional riders and add-on covers
in the health insurance policy giving
you the option to customize your plan
according to your needs
so let's delve deeper into the details
the basic coverage of this policy
includes health insurance for all the
expenses related to hospitalization
taken for a minimum period of 24
consecutive hours
this is a basic hospitalization cover
which
pays for expenses such as room rent icu
charges surgeons and doctors fees etc
due to advancement of technology in
healthcare some treatments like cataract
dialysis radiotherapy etc doesn't
require a hospitalization for 24 hours
these treatments can be completed within
the same day
these are often called as day care
treatments this plan covers all day care
treatments without the requirement of
being hospitalized for 24 hours
this plan covers all the expenses
incurred before 30 days of
hospitalization and 60 days after
hospitalization
provided these expenses are related to
the cause of hospitalization of the
patient
inpatient is treatments like ayurveda
yoga naturopathy unanimous siddha and
homeopathy will be covered if the
treatment was taken in an ish hospital
or in ish daycare center on
reimbursement basis
this plan provides unlimited reset
benefit even though a claim has happened
and complete some insured was spent on
bills total base sum insured will be
reset to full amount so that policy will
pay for further and any number of
clients in the same year
ambulance charges are covered up to one
percent of some insured maximum up to
ten thousand rupees per hospitalization
air ambulance expenses will be covered
up to the full extent of some insured
value teleconsultation expenses are also
covered under this plan
upon renewal of health insurance policy
every year your total sum insured value
will increase by 10 percent every client
free year up to the maximum of 50
percent in case there is a claim the
accumulated additional sum insured will
be reduced by 10 percent of annual sum
insured in the following year
asi protector benefit will protect your
accrued bonus from claim free years in
case you may decline not exceeding 50
000 rupees so that these small claims
will not impact your annual sum insured
bonus
there is a wellness program benefit
where the wellness points will be
accrued based on activities like yearly
health checkups and your fitness
routines you can redeem these points for
outpatient medical expenses like
consultation charges medicines etc
under this plan you are entitled for
free health checkup at designated
centers free health checkup coupons will
be provided to each insured for every
policy year subject to the maximum of
two coupons per year for family floater
policies
policy covers the medical expenses if
the treatment is taken at home in case
the patient is in a state that he or she
cannot be moved to a hospital or due to
non-availability of rooms in the
hospital
policy covers all the medical expenses
incurred by the organ donor for the
organs transplant surgery
now we will discuss about some
additional coverage you can add to the
basic health insurance policy
if you opted to take the worldwide cover
even the hospitalization expenses
incurred abroad shall be paid with copay
of 10 percent this benefit is available
for some ensured of 10 lakhs and above
claim protector benefit pays for all the
miscellaneous expenses charged by the
hospital so that there would be no
responsibility of payment by the patient
in case of any hospitalization and
treatments
super no claim bonus offers 50 bonus of
some insured value on every claim free
year and up to the maximum of 100
percent for a policy
so
you will get two times the incidence
cover you opted for after two claim-free
years no claim bonus can be increased up
to 200 percent for some insured options
of 15 lakhs and above
if you opt for some insured protector
your sum insured value will be increased
every year at the time of renewal on par
with the inflation rate of the previous
year
hospital daily cash allowances pay you a
certain amount
for each and every completed day of
hospitalization if such hospitalization
period is at least for a minimum of
three consecutive days and subject to
maximum of 10 consecutive days
convalescence benefit is a benefit
amount of 10 000 rupees paid once during
the policy period in case of
hospitalization arising due to any
injury or illness covered by the policy
nursing at home benefit pays for the
expenses of medical services of a nurse
at your residence post hospitalization
usually paid per day basis up to the
maximum of 15 days post hospitalization
compassionate visit benefit pays for the
expenses of travelling incurred by the
immediate family member visiting the
place of hospitalization
applicable in case hospitalization
exceeds 5 days
maternity benefit covers all expenses
incurred for delivery including a
cesarean section during hospitalization
or lawful medical termination of
pregnancy during the policy period but
the waiting period for maternity cover
is three years and applicable only for
floater plan having self and spouse in
the same policy
newborn baby cover benefit covers the
expenses of new born child
hospitalization expenses for a period of
maximum 91 days from the date of birth
of the child this cover will be provided
only if maternity cover is often
outpatient treatment cover as the name
indicates this benefit will cover all
medical expenses incurred as an
outpatient
critical illness benefit is the lump sum
benefit amount paid in case if the
patient is diagnosed with the chosen
critical illness
personal accident cover is where the
patient gets paid a fixed sum
upon the unfortunate event of accidental
death or permanent total disablement
resulting from an accident
this cover can be availed only once
during your lifetime
coming to the basic key points of this
plan you can choose some insured value
starting from 5 lakhs to 50 lakhs as per
your need
the minimum age of entry is 6 years and
there is no restriction on maximum age
of entry
family members and children about three
months of age can be added under the
floater policy and the policy can be
renewed for the full lifetime
all the treatments related to the
pre-existing diseases will be covered
only after two years of continuous
coverage under the policy
you can choose the policy period from
one to three years and pay at once even
for three year policy term
you can avail cashless hospitalization
claims at all the network hospitals and
list of network hospitals is available
on icici lumbar.com website
health insurance premium is eligible for
tax deduction under section 80d of
income tax
no medical tests are required for
insurance covered below the age of 46
years and some insured up to 10 lakhs
you have 15 days free look period in
case if you are not satisfied with the
policy you can cancel the policy by
giving written notice within 15 days of
policy inception
this is the standard list of exclusions
where the policy will not pay in first
two years this list is standard and
common across all other insurance
companies
this is the list of major permanent
exclusions
which includes suicide
expenses related to alcohol misuse or
abuse dental treatments etc
just for having an idea of how the
premiums will be in this policy i have
used some examples with different ages
and marital status of persons as premium
always vary with the age and number of
dependents added in the policy
so for a single person is 25 years the
premium would be 7
615 rupees for 5 lakh coverage and 8
961 rupees for 10 lakh coverage plan
for a married person whose age is 30
and spouse is assuming as 26 the premium
would be twelve thousand two hundred and
eight rupees per file coverage and
fourteen thousand three hundred and
eighty two rupees for
10 lakh coverage
now for the person age 35 who is married
and having a kid assuming the spouse age
is 28 and child's age is 3 the premium
would be
15 159 rupees for 5 lakh coverage plan
and 17
866 rupees for 10 lakh coverage here i
just took three examples just to give
you an idea of how the premiums would be
in the health shield
please note that these premiums are
subject to change over time
so this is all about the important
features of icici lombard health shield
health insurance plan if you have any
further queries and if you need
personalized quotations on this policy
you can always reach us on this whatsapp
number and we can also suggest you the
best plan which is suitable for your
exact need and requirement
if you find this video as helpful for
you please like share this video and
subscribe to our channel for updates on
more informational videos thank you